docs/faq.md, before:

# FAQ, Frequent Errors

First of all, you need **a Minecraft server** with Spigot/Paper. (No, plugins do NOT work locally.)

## 1. How to download and set up the plugin?
For a step-by-step tutorial, [click here](https://github.com/GamerJoep/MinetopiaVehicles#how-to-download).

---

## 2. I can only see diamond hoes!
You need our **resource pack** to be able to see the vehicles. Download it [here](https://mtvehicles.nl/rp/).

> ⚠ As of version 2.4.0-pre1, a new version of resource pack (v0.2) is required. Before the release of 2.4.0, it is available exclusively to our [patreons](https://patreon.com/mtvehicles).

---

## 3. How to get a vehicle?
- Execute `/mtv menu` and choose from dozens of vehicles!

  > ⚠ Permission `mtvehicles.menu` necessary.

- Execute `/mtv givecar <player> <UUID>`.

  > &lt;player&gt; - Player who must be online when the command is being executed.<br>
  > &lt;UUID&gt; - UUID of your desired vehicle (can be found in [vehicles.yml](https://github.com/GamerJoep/MinetopiaVehicles/blob/master/src/main/resources/vehicles.yml#L30))
  >
  > ⚠ Permission `mtvehicles.givecar` necessary.

---

## 4. How to get rid of a vehicle?
Shift and Right-click the vehicle to pick it up.
> ⚠ You must OWN the vehicle or have the permission `mtvehicles.oppakken`.

**Beware:** Even after picking the vehicle up, it is still stored in the database and can be restored with the `/mtv restore` command.<br>
**To prevent this**, delete it using `/mtv delete` while holding the item.

---

## 5. I am getting 'An internal error occurred...' error
Firstly, **check your console** and look for **this message** (time may be different, of course):

![Plugin is disabled](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47473562/161583020-5b4eea98-16b6-44a5-993e-c53b740df610.png)

> And if you're attentive, you should have already seen this warning:<br>
> ![Incompatible version](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47473562/161582673-4802aff9-6e82-41fc-85e3-9f187f760e19.png)

This means you're using an **incompatible Minecraft version**. We always support the **latest patch versions**, except 1.14.x:

| Version(s)        | Compatibility     |   | Version(s)        | Compatibility     |
|-------------------|-------------------|---|-------------------|-------------------|
| Older than 1.12   | ❌ Incompatible  |   | 1.15.2            | ✔️ Compatible    |
| 1.12-1.12.1       | Not guaranteed    |   | 1.16-1.16.3       | ❌ Incompatible  |
| 1.12.2            | ✔️ Compatible    |   | 1.16.4            | Not guaranteed    |
| 1.13              | ❌ Incompatible  |   | 1.16.5            | ✔️ Compatible    |
| 1.13.1            | Not guaranteed    |   | 1.17              | Not guaranteed    |
| 1.13.2            | ✔️ Compatible    |   | 1.17.1            | ✔️ Compatible    |
| 1.14-1.14.4       | ❌ Incompatible  |   | 1.18-1.18.1       | ❌ Incompatible  |
| 1.15-1.15.1       | Not guaranteed    |   | 1.18.2            | ✔️ Compatible    |

---

## 6. The vehicles do not move. I am using a compatible version of Paper.

You need to open the `paper.yml` file and set `armor-stand-tick: true`.

---

## 7. I've got lags. Is the plugin too demanding?
In case you're using Aternos, then you're probably right. As their servers are free, they might not be "beefy enough".

If you have your own server, try **allocating more RAM**.

---

## 8. How to create a vehicle shop?
We do not offer such a feature, however, you can achieve the same goal by installing any shop plugin out there.

- If you want to use **commands**, use `/mtv givecar <player> <UUID>`. (Explained [here](#2-how-to-get-a-vehicle).)
- In case you need to use **items**, use **vouchers** - `/mtv givevoucher <player> <UUID>`. (Works exactly the same as /mtv givecar.)

  > ⚠ You should NOT sell cars which you get from `/mtv menu`. They already have an owner (and other properties you'd have to edit) set.

Commit message:

Use Vuepress custom warning/danger

docs/faq.md, after:

# FAQ, Frequent Errors

First of all, you need **a Minecraft server** with Spigot/Paper. (No, plugins do NOT work locally.)

## 1. How to download and set up the plugin?
For a step-by-step tutorial, [click here](https://github.com/GamerJoep/MinetopiaVehicles#how-to-download).

---

## 2. I can only see diamond hoes!
You need our **resource pack** to be able to see the vehicles. Download it [here](https://mtvehicles.nl/rp/).

::: warning
As of version 2.4.0-pre1, a new version of resource pack (v0.2) is required. Before the release of 2.4.0, it is available exclusively to our [patreons](https://patreon.com/mtvehicles).
:::

---

## 3. How to get a vehicle?
- Execute `/mtv menu` and choose from dozens of vehicles!

  ::: warning
  Permission `mtvehicles.menu` necessary.
  :::

- Execute `/mtv givecar <player> <UUID>`.

  > &lt;player&gt; - Player who must be online when the command is being executed.<br>
  > &lt;UUID&gt; - UUID of your desired vehicle (can be found in [vehicles.yml](https://github.com/GamerJoep/MinetopiaVehicles/blob/master/src/main/resources/vehicles.yml#L30))
  
  ::: warning
  Permission `mtvehicles.givecar` necessary.
  :::

---

## 4. How to get rid of a vehicle?
Shift and Right-click the vehicle to pick it up.

::: warning
You must OWN the vehicle or have the permission `mtvehicles.oppakken`.
:::

**Beware:** Even after picking the vehicle up, it is still stored in the database and can be restored with the `/mtv restore` command.<br>
**To prevent this**, delete it using `/mtv delete` while holding the item.

---

## 5. I am getting 'An internal error occurred...' error
Firstly, **check your console** and look for **this message** (time may be different, of course):

![Plugin is disabled](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47473562/161583020-5b4eea98-16b6-44a5-993e-c53b740df610.png)

> And if you're attentive, you should have already seen this warning:<br>
> ![Incompatible version](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47473562/161582673-4802aff9-6e82-41fc-85e3-9f187f760e19.png)

This means you're using an **incompatible Minecraft version**. We always support the **latest patch versions**, except 1.14.x:

| Version(s)        | Compatibility     |   | Version(s)        | Compatibility     |
|-------------------|-------------------|---|-------------------|-------------------|
| Older than 1.12   | ❌ Incompatible  |   | 1.15.2            | ✔️ Compatible    |
| 1.12-1.12.1       | Not guaranteed    |   | 1.16-1.16.3       | ❌ Incompatible  |
| 1.12.2            | ✔️ Compatible    |   | 1.16.4            | Not guaranteed    |
| 1.13              | ❌ Incompatible  |   | 1.16.5            | ✔️ Compatible    |
| 1.13.1            | Not guaranteed    |   | 1.17              | Not guaranteed    |
| 1.13.2            | ✔️ Compatible    |   | 1.17.1            | ✔️ Compatible    |
| 1.14-1.14.4       | ❌ Incompatible  |   | 1.18-1.18.1       | ❌ Incompatible  |
| 1.15-1.15.1       | Not guaranteed    |   | 1.18.2            | ✔️ Compatible    |

---

## 6. The vehicles do not move. I am using a compatible version of Paper.

You need to open the `paper.yml` file and set `armor-stand-tick: true`.

---

## 7. I've got lags. Is the plugin too demanding?
In case you're using Aternos, then you're probably right. As their servers are free, they might not be "beefy enough".

If you have your own server, try **allocating more RAM**.

---

## 8. How to create a vehicle shop?
We do not offer such a feature, however, you can achieve the same goal by installing any shop plugin out there.

- If you want to use **commands**, use `/mtv givecar <player> <UUID>`. (Explained [here](#2-how-to-get-a-vehicle).)
- In case you need to use **items**, use **vouchers** - `/mtv givevoucher <player> <UUID>`. (Works exactly the same as /mtv givecar.)

  ::: warning
  You should NOT sell cars which you get from `/mtv menu`. They already have an owner (and other properties you'd have to edit) set.
  :::
